Add version_id transport parameter for fetching a specific S3 object version (#325)
RaRe-Technologies/smart_open: README.rst

  ...     break
  '<!doctype html>\n'

  >>> from smart_open import open

>   >>> with open('s3://bucket/key.txt', 'rb', transport_params = {'version_id':'need_key_version_id') as file:

Reviewer: PEP8: white space. Also, avoid shadowing built-in names (`file`).

>   >>> with open('s3://bucket/key.txt', 'rb', transport_params = {'version_id':'need_key_version_id') as file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  >>> with open('s3://bucket/key.txt', 'rb', transport_params={'version_id': 'need_key_version_id') as fin:
  ...      for line in fin:
```

  ...     print(key, round(len(content) / 2**20))
  annual/monthly_rain/2010.monthly_rain.nc 13
  annual/monthly_rain/2011.monthly_rain.nc 13
  annual/monthly_rain/2012.monthly_rain.nc 13 

Specific s3 object version
--------------------------------------

> The ''open'' function has the parameter version_id, which allows you to get the desired version of the file from bucket S3.

Reviewer 2: This is a bit misleading. You're talking about the smart_open.s3.open function, not the smart_open.open function (but you're importing "from smart_open import open", which is even more misleading). While what you say is correct, nobody really uses smart_open.s3.open, because it's mostly an internal function. everybody uses smart_open.open (or the older smart_open.smart_open).

Please rewrite these instructions and use the top-level function in your examples.

*Important*: Version control disabled by default. Before starting to use version_id parameter, enable version control in bucket S3. Read https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/Versioning.html

.. code-block:: python

  >>> from smart_open import open

>   >>> with s3.open('smart-open-bucket', 'test_s3_version.txt', 'rb',version_id='azaMK5Yf_wg03QI1vzKBgzDG8RMin3l1') as file:

Reviewer 2: flake8

>   >>> with open('smart-open-bucket', 'test_s3_version.txt', 'rb', version_id='azaMK5Yf_wg03QI1vzKBgzDG8RMin3l1') as file:

Reviewer 2: Are you sure this actually works?

version_id is a parameter that gets passed through the transport_params dict, isn't it?

  annual/monthly_rain/2011.monthly_rain.nc 13
  annual/monthly_rain/2012.monthly_rain.nc 13

Specific S3 object version
--------------------------

The ``version_id`` transport parameter enables you to get the desired version of the object from an S3 bucket.

.. Important::

>     Version control disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Version control is disabled on S3 by default.
```

>     Before starting to use version_id parameter, enable version control in bucket S3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Before using the ``version_id`` parameter, enable version control in your S3 bucket.
```

.. code-block:: python

  >>> from smart_open import open

>   >>> with open('s3://bucket/key.txt', 'rb', transport_params = {'version_id':'need_key_version_id') as file:

Reviewer: Dtto.
